05

Object # ScP-05,SP-05-2

Clay : Unknown

Overview

The os Council, as Command.The Dvonser, November
These are the people who have ultimate control on

Each os number knows almost everything then is to know all

Foundation and its activities Between them all thy every single secret that
the Foundation holds.

Most foundation personnel spend their entire career, without seeing them
Members below Clearance Zewel e don't think they are real.

Most overgone is afraid of them.An o5 make, into a room, and weapon
pisses their paints.That's what happens when you hold Supreme Power does not d-
he scaries! organizations in world history.
This dossier will show you contraindications reports or each of its os Council memb

My research has been comprehensive, but the very nature of my country...
it impossible to know which answer it amm , is true.

Perhaps then are multiple individuals sharing each os number. Perhaps dozens
But perhaps there is only one Perhaps only one is each of the experts are-
tmic, or all reports are different facets of one person with stand-in and

disinformation, stained in.

Perhaps none of them are true. The end of this dossier presents well-sourced
seports that geeseism, the vonacity of almost every single assumption made here.You must
judge carefully.

A note n 5s-2

05-2 is usually reported to possess certain... unique anomalous, theirs. As you
will see from the following reports, there is an old sort of consistency in between the
vast contradiction: Consisinny is unusual for os member reports. Possible sign d-
a disinformation Campaign... or a very strange Truth: Farhops I know which, but I could
not tell you.

05-2 The Gardener

Temple: European discort.American origin Appears to be 80+ years old.
Athel age unknown. No unused appearance.

05-2 is apparently a second version of Emmelator Director Dr.Sophia Light,
a hollow from an creed timeline (she seem to have had a hand in this erasure).She is
very different from the current Sophie Zigkl, Director of Site-41 who is unaware of her
alimate's status or identity. Considered, extremely dangerous, even compared to the other OEs.
Known for making tough, pragmatic decisions.

